Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1206)
contao/docs: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

### Short code `faq`

> This shortcode displays an expandable section of text with markup for faq schema in the JSON-LD format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This shortcode displays an expandable section of text. It also outputs JSON-LD meta data for FAQs.
```
